Skip to main content
Microsoft
Legal
Diversity & inclusion Compliance & ethics Intellectual property More resources
All Microsoft
Search 
Cart
Sign in to your account
Sign in
Female working at desk with multiple devices and running a Microsoft Teams conference call. 
Microsoft Trademark and Brand Guidelines
Thank you for helping us protect our trademarks and brand assets
Microsoft is grateful for the trust that people place in our products, services, and experiences. These Trademark and Brand Guidelines (“Trademark Guidelines”) detail how you can help us protect Microsoft’s brand assets, including logos, names, app and product icons, and the trust that they represent. We have created these Trademark Guidelines to help clarify proper usage of our brand assets. Microsoft reserves the right to take action as necessary to protect them and, as a result, protect its customers and the public.

Microsoft’s brand assets—including the Microsoft Trademarks (PDF) (as updated from time to time), logos, icons, designs, trade dress, fonts, names of Microsoft software, products, services, sounds, emojis, and any other brand features and elements, whether registered or unregistered (“Brand Assets”)—are proprietary assets owned exclusively by Microsoft and its group of companies. These Trademark Guidelines, which may be updated from time to time, detail how our Brand Assets can be used under specific circumstances. To help illustrate use cases, Contoso is used as the fictitious partner brand. Many uses, including our logos, app and product icons, and other designs, will require a license first. Unless you have an express license from Microsoft, these Trademark Guidelines will exclusively govern your use of our Brand Assets.
Examples of uses governed by these Trademark Guidelines
Don’t miss Contoso’s Memorial Day sale featuring a limited time discount on Microsoft Excel software.
The Contoso Game can be played on Xbox gaming consoles.
The Contoso App works with Microsoft Teams.
 

Examples of Brand Assets requiring authorization from Microsoft
Microsoft corporate logo.
Microsoft logo
See Specific Brand and Product Guidelines section for more information on use requirements.

Microsoft 365 and Microsoft Azure logos.
Microsoft logo lockups
These include logo lockups for flagship offerings, which are offerings that are aligned to and signal Microsoft’s long-term strategic intent. They include Microsoft 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Surface, among others. See Specific Brand and Product Guidelines for more information.

Various product icons.
Microsoft product icons
These include app icons for products such as Microsoft 365, Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft Azure, and others. See Specific Brand and Product Guidelines section for more information.

Microsoft Surface Authorized Service Provider badge.
Badges
This includes badges to show designations or relationships between your product and Microsoft.

Dos and don’ts
To help you understand what you can and can’t do with Microsoft’s Brand Assets, we have created this non-exhaustive list of Dos and Don’ts. In general, wordmarks can be used to truthfully convey information about your product or service, as long as customers and the public will not be confused into believing Microsoft is affiliated with or endorses your product or service. However, our logos, app and product icons, illustrations, photographs, videos, and designs can never be used without an express license. Please review these additional tips to better understand how you can more clearly communicate the role that our Brand Assets convey in your communications.

Dos
In general, you may do the following with Microsoft’s wordmarks and names of software, products, or services:


Note if your product, service, or solution is interoperable or compatible with a Microsoft product, service, or solution. Communicate if your product, service, or solution goes through the approved certification process.

Contoso headphones are compatible with Microsoft Surface.
Contoso app is certified for Microsoft Teams.

If your product, service, or solution integrates with a Microsoft technology, clearly communicate the relationship. For more information on this integration scenario, visit the guidelines for partner-led marketing under the Resources section below.

Contoso software works with Microsoft OneDrive
Contoso app is built on Microsoft Azure
Contoso is a new device designed for Microsoft Teams Rooms
Contoso is integrated with Microsoft 365

Truthfully and accurately refer to Microsoft and its products and services.

Contoso is a three-dimensional model city created by students using Minecraft gaming software.
Used Xbox gaming console for sale!
Join us for a seminar about mixed reality in the real estate industry, including the use of the Microsoft HoloLens technology.

Use without alteration in text to refer to Microsoft and its products and services.

Follow these steps to format mail merge letters using Microsoft Word software.
CRM is easy with Microsoft Dynamics 365 applications.
Microsoft Azure provides enterprise-level cloud computing solutions.

Note when a product or service has met Microsoft’s accessibility requirements.

The Contoso case has met Microsoft’s accessibility requirements for Microsoft Surface products.

Use in the title of news articles, when truthful and not misleading.

Microsoft releases new Xbox console
Microsoft Azure is adding new features on July 1st
Microsoft partners with Contoso to add new AI capabilities

Use less prominently than your own brand or company name unless you have a strategic partnership agreement.  Visit the Microsoft partner website for more information on partner branding.

Contoso Inc.
Providing Microsoft software installation and customization services since 1999.
Contoso software
Our software is compatible with a number of email applications, including Microsoft Outlook.

Use as adjectives before nouns.

Xbox gaming consoles
Excel spreadsheets
Word documents
HoloLens virtual reality equipment
OneDrive cloud storage

Use our Brand Assets for publication, seminars, or conferences in compliance with Microsoft’s Publications, seminars, and conferences guidelines.


Include a trademark footnote to give notice that you are using Microsoft’s trademarks, e.g., “Microsoft, (list additional trademarks in alphabetical order) are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.”

Don’ts
Without a written license or express permission under one of Microsoft's other published guidelines (e.g., Specific Brand and Product Guidelines below), don’t do the following:


Don’t use Microsoft’s Brand Assets in the name of your business, product, service, app, domain name, social media account, other offering, or business indicator.
Contoso OneDrive software.
Contoso Surface headphones.
www.azurevirtualmachine.com
@xboxsuperfans

Don’t use Microsoft’s logos, icons, or designs, in any manner.


Don’t imply an affiliation, endorsement, sponsorship, or approval with or by Microsoft.
Minecraft Builder LLC builds three-dimensional models.
Join us for Contoso’s Xbox gaming event
Contoso offers premium Microsoft 365 installation & support services
Microsoft Teams has certified the Contoso CP1 headset.

Don’t alter, animate, distort, or misappropriate Microsoft’s Brand Assets, for example, by combining Microsoft’s Brand Assets with other terms, misspellings, or incorporating them into a tagline or slogan, etc.
Microsoft Wordsmithing is Easy!
Use Microsoft Powerful Platform
Rest Azured that your data is safe with Microsoft
Contoso…Your one stop shop for all things Xbox.
ContosoDynamics
Contoso Excels at Spreadsheet Development!
Binging you quality search results since 2005

Don’t use Microsoft’s Brand Assets as nouns or verbs.
Xbox your way to rewards
You can Excel with Microsoft
We’re selling new Microsoft Surfaces

Don’t use Microsoft’s Brand Assets in entertainment titles (including book, films, and magazines).
PowerPointalism
Beauty and the Bing
Azure Daily

Don’t use Microsoft’s Brand Assets more prominently than your own brand(s) or company name.
MICROSOFT SOFTWARE
Contoso installs Microsoft software – call us today!

Don’t use Microsoft’s Brand Assets in the name of a user group, fan group, tech communities, or other organization name, irrespective of whether the group or organization is a non-profit.
Dynamics User Group
Microsoft 365 Technology Group
Xbox Game Club

Don’t use Microsoft’s Brand Assets on any tangible goods or packaging, including any promotional, marketing, swag, or other items.
T-shirt with Microsoft logo
Xbox branded headphones
Surface mouse pad
Microsoft Teams branded headset

Don’t file any application or recordation to register terms or logos identical or similar to Microsoft’s Brand Assets as a trademark, service mark, trade name, doing business as designation, or any other proprietary right.

App guidelines
Without a license arrangement with Microsoft, everything about your app (including developer name, app name, logo, description, screenshots, and other app collateral) must be unique to you and free of Microsoft’s Brand Assets. The only exception is that you may truthfully state whether your app is compatible or interoperable with a Microsoft product or service within the text description about your app. If your app is integrated with a Microsoft technology, follow the guidelines for partner-led marketing under the Resources section below.

Examples of approved app details
Developer: Contoso Developer, Inc.
App name: Contoso App
Image/screenshots: <No Microsoft Content Featured>
Description: Contoso App allows you to access Microsoft OneDrive content and share it with your CRM contacts at the push of a button.
Examples of unapproved app details
Developer: Azure Development Co.
App name: Azure To Go
Image/screenshots: <Microsoft Logo, Azure App Icon Featured>
Description: Azure To Go brings the Azure cloud services to your mobile phone.
You may not use Microsoft’s Brand Assets in a manner that implies Microsoft published, developed, endorsed, is affiliated with, or is otherwise connected with your app. Furthermore, Microsoft’s logos, designs, and icons can never be used as your app icon and can only be used in your app advertisements with a license agreement in place.

 

Specific Brand and Product Guidelines
Certain Brand Assets have Specific Brand and Product Guidelines providing guidance on how to use them. Several of these Specific Brand and Product Guidelines are published below and others may be provided to you by your relevant Microsoft contact in the context of your relationship with Microsoft. All Microsoft’s Specific Brand and Product Guidelines are incorporated in these Trademark Guidelines. If you are a partner integrating your product, service, or solution with a Microsoft technology including but not limited to Microsoft 365, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Power Platform, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Teams, and Microsoft Dynamics 365, visit the guidelines for partner-led marketing for more detailed information.

Microsoft corporate logo.
Microsoft
Windows logo
Windows
Microsoft 365 logo
Microsoft 365
Microsoft Edge logo
Microsoft Edge
Skype logo
Skype
Bing logo
Bing
Microsoft Surface logo
Microsoft Surface
Copyrighted content
Visit Use of Microsoft copyrighted content to learn how to use photography, box shots, and screenshots.

 

Legal notice

Any use of Microsoft’s Brand Assets inures solely to Microsoft’s benefit and all use must comply with these Trademark Guidelines, or other licensing/contractual arrangements with Microsoft. Third parties, including licensees, may never claim ownership rights in Microsoft’s Brand Assets, or brands that are confusingly similar to Microsoft’s Brand Assets, in any manner, including without limitation as a trademark, service mark, company name or designation, domain name, social media profile/handle, or in any other manner.

Microsoft expressly reserves the right in its sole discretion to terminate, revoke, modify, or otherwise change permission to use its Brand Assets at any time and expressly reserves the right to object to any use or misuse of its Brand Assets in any jurisdiction worldwide.

Resources
 

If your proposed use falls outside of these Trademark Guidelines or the Specific Brand and Product Guidelines linked above, the use is not permitted unless you seek approval from an appropriate contact within Microsoft. If you have a question, please contact your legal counsel, Microsoft business contact, or trademarks@microsoft.com.

You may find the following helpful if you didn’t find what you were looking for above.

Business Support
Press Tool Kit
Device Partner Center
Partner-led Marketing Guidelines (form)
Microsoft Partner Brand Guidelines
Xbox Fansite Guidelines

Intellectual Property
Innovation is at the heart of Microsoft as a company.

Explore Microsoft IP
Two businesspersons walking together and talking.
Follow Microsoft Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
What's new
Surface Pro
Surface Laptop
Surface Laptop Studio 2
Surface Laptop Go 3
Microsoft Copilot
AI in Windows
Explore Microsoft products
Windows 11 apps
Microsoft Store
Account profile
Download Center
Microsoft Store support
Returns
Order tracking
Certified Refurbished
Microsoft Store Promise
Flexible Payments
Education
Microsoft in education
Devices for education
Microsoft Teams for Education
Microsoft 365 Education
How to buy for your school
Educator training and development
Deals for students and parents
Azure for students
Business
Microsoft Cloud
Microsoft Security
Dynamics 365
Microsoft 365
Microsoft Power Platform
Microsoft Teams
Copilot for Microsoft 365
Small Business
Developer & IT
Azure
Developer Center
Documentation
Microsoft Learn
Microsoft Tech Community
Azure Marketplace
AppSource
Visual Studio
Company
Careers
About Microsoft
Company news
Privacy at Microsoft
Investors
Diversity and inclusion
Accessibility
Sustainability
English (United States)
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Sitemap Contact Microsoft Privacy Terms of use Trademarks Safety & eco Recycling About our ads © Microsoft 2024
